Hello and welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, you'll learn how to use Knox Configure: Accessory Edition.
Let's get started!
Knox Configure: Accessory Edition lets enterprises create branded mobile device experiences for their end customers.
As an accessory provider,
you can use Knox Configure to create profiles that include your branded content like custom wallpapers,
boot screen animations, themes, and apps.
These profiles can then get loaded onto NFC-supported accessories like Galaxy smartphone cases,
Galaxy Buds cases, key-chains, and cards.
Once accessories are manufactured and distributed to your end customers,
they simply use NFC on their mobile devices to begin downloading and installing your content.
Before proceeding with this video, you'll need the following:
A valid Samsung Knox account in order to access the Knox Admin Portal and enable the Knox Configure service.
If you do not already have access, please review our video on Getting started with Knox Admin Portal before continuing.
You'll also need a valid Knox Configure Accessory Edition license.
This lets you create accessory profiles and export accessory data to a manufacturer.
If you do not already have a license,
please reach out to an authorized Samsung Knox reseller to obtain one.
To create an accessory profile, go to the Profiles page,
then click CREATE NEW PROFILE then Accessory profile.
Provide a unique profile name and optional description,
then click NEXT until you reach the Enrollment Info tab.
On this tab, provide a Company name, Support contact information, and Product name.
These fields are mandatory for any accessory profile you create.
Next, customize your profile by adding optional content like unique background colors or images,
logos, welcome messages, and terms and condition statements.
Under Accessory for Enrollment, click ADD ACCESSORY.
In the dialog, select the accessory type that you want to associate with this profile:
either phone covers and cases, NFC cards, or Galaxy Buds cases.
In our example, we'll create this profile for NFC card and Buds case type accessories.
Next, select the total number of accessories you intend on manufacturing using this profile.
This can be any number up to 10,000.
This number must not exceed the total number of seats included in your accessory edition license.
In the next field, select the total number of unique devices that scan a single accessory.
For example, if you select 10, a single accessory will allow up to 10 different devices to scan and download its content.
Click CONFIRM to close the dialog.
In the License field, you'll need to enter your Accessory edition license details.
Once you enter your license key, click ADD.
On the Configure-settings page, add your company's branded content like apps, animations, and themes.
In our example, we'll apply unique booting and shutdown animations, as well as a custom theme to our profile.
Once you're finished with your profile settings, click NEXT to review,
then click SUBMIT to create the profile.
After you create your profile, you'll need to download its accessory UID file.
This file contains unique serial numbers and important data that
manufacturers require in order to create the accessories.
To download, go to Profiles, then on the ACCESSORY tab,
select the accessory profile you just created.
Under ACCESSORY UID FILES, click the DOWNLOAD link.
A CSV file should download automatically.
Send this CSV file to your accessory manufacturer,
so they can inject the data onto the accessories during production.
Once your accessories are manufactured and distributed to your end customers,
they simply need to enable NFC on their Galaxy devices to begin downloading your profiles themes,
animations, apps, and other branded content.
On the Knox Configure console, you can see which accessories were scanned by going to  Devices,
then clicking the Accessories tab.
You'll see an Activated status for any accessory that was scanned by a device.
Click an accessory ID to view a list of device IMEI numbers associated with that accessory.
This wraps up our video on how to use Knox Configure Accessory Edition.
For more in-depth explanations, or to learn more about Knox Configure in general,
please see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching.